Feature/disk format support (#194)
cirruslabs/packer-plugin-tart: docs/builders/tart.mdx

- `cpu_count` (number) - Amount of virtual CPUs to use for the new VM. Overrides `tart create` default value when using `from_ipsw` and `from_iso` and VM settings when using `vm_base_name`.
- `create_grace_time` (duration string | ex: "1h5m2s") — Time to wait after finishing the installation process. Can be used to work around the issue when Virtualization.Framework's installation process is still running in the background for some time after `tart create` had already finished.
- `disk_size_gb` — Disk size in GB to use for the new VM. Overrides `tart create` default value when using `from_ipsw` and `from_iso` and VM settings when using `vm_base_name`.

> - `disk_format` (string) — Disk image format to use for the new VM. Valid values are `"raw"` (default) and `"asif"`. ASIF (Apple Sparse Image Format) provides better performance but requires macOS 15+ for usage and macOS 26+ for creation. Only applies when using `from_ipsw` and `from_iso`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `disk_format` (string) — Disk image format to use for the new VM. Valid values are `"raw"` (default) and `"asif"`. ASIF (Apple Sparse Image Format) provides better performance but requires 26 (Tahoe) or newer. Only applies when using `from_ipsw` and `from_iso`.
```
